[ALL TESTS] Update `CHANGELOG` for 1.18.0 release (#4477)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========
1.18.0 (2021-06-18)
-------------------
MLflow 1.18.0 includes several major features and improvements:

Features:

> - Autologging performance improvements for XGBoost / LightGBM (#4473, @dbczumar)
> - Efficient batching / parallel client utility for autologging implementations (#4416, @dbczumar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Autologging performance improvements for XGBoost, LightGBM, and scikit-learn (#4416, #4473, @dbczumar)
```

> - [PaddlePaddle] support paddle model built by high level api (#4439, @jinminhao)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce MLflow Models support for PaddlePaddle models built with the high level PaddlePaddle API (#4439, @jinminhao)
```

> - list experiments page token (#3881, @wamartin-aml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce paginated ListExperiments API (#3881, @wamartin-aml)
```

> - Integrate PaddlePaddle into MLflow (#4406, @jinminhao)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Merged with #4439 into one entry (https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/4477/files#r654161227)

> - Log databricks runtime in MLmodel (#4421, @stevenchen-db)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include Runtime version for MLflow Models logged on Databricks (#4421, @stevenchen-db)
```

> - PyTorch log additional pip requirements in `requirements.txt` (#4422, @stevenchen-db)
> - Logging additional pip dependencies in requirements.txt  (#4409, @stevenchen-db)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MLflow Models now log dependencies in pip requirements.txt format, in addition to existing conda format  (#4409, #4422, @stevenchen-db)
```

> - Limit # of child runs created for hyperparam search models (#4382, @mohamad-arabi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limit number of child runs created for hyperparameter search models (#4382, @mohamad-arabi)
```

> - Parallelize Databricks artifact downloading and uploading (#4260, @dbczumar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve artifact upload / download performance on Databricks (#4260, @dbczumar)
```

Bug fixes and documentation updates:

> - Revert patched code when disabling autolog (#4405, @mohamad-arabi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Can we move this to the `Small bug fixes and doc updates` section instead?

> - Fix bug that removes any strings like "git" from source uri. (#4403, @takabayashi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an MLflow UI bug that caused git source URIs to be rendered improperly (#4403, @takabayashi)
```

> - Fix loading of TensorFlow SavedModel format (#4223) (#4319, @saschaschramm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug that prevented reloading of MLflow Models based on the TensorFlow SavedModel format (#4223) (#4319, @saschaschramm)
```

> - [bug-fix] Fix KubernetesSubmittedRun.get_status() (#3962) (#4159, @jcasse)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug in the behavior of KubernetesSubmittedRun.get_status() for Kubernetes MLflow Project runs (#3962) (#4159, @jcasse)
```

> - change default value of verify to None (#4047, @PeterSulcs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug in TLS verification for MLflow artifact operations on S3 (#4047, @PeterSulcs)
```

> - Fix forced default experiment creation (#4352, @asaf400)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug causing the MLflow server to crash after deletion of the default experiment (#4352, @asaf400)
```

> - Fix `mlflow models serve` failure in Windows (#4377, @simonvanbernem)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug causing ``mlflow models serve`` to crash on Windows 10 (#4377, @simonvanbernem)
```

> - Fix #2551 (#4238, @naor2013)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a crash in runs search when ordering by metric values against the MSSQL backend store (#2551) (#4238, @naor2013)
```

> - Fix for TensorFlow 2.5 compatibility (#4371, @dbczumar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an autologging incompatibility issue with TensorFlow 2.5 (#4371, @dbczumar)
```

> - Fix version checking in disable_for_unsupported_versions (#4303, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug in the ``disable_for_unsupported_versions`` autologging argument that caused library versions to be incorrectly compared (#4303, @WeichenXu123)
```
